Bish's I know this girl I know he was
this is the female that knotch had an
affair with last year and she's bangs
smacking the heart of Marsh pride
territory not just masked probably
territory this is where the majority of
Cubs in the marsh pride have been born
this is the nursery area so I wonder
wouldn't that be amazing
yes she got God ah at least two three
four they are just adorable
no more than four or five weeks old very
vulnerable at this stage still
completely dependent on their mum for
milk in fact for all their meals because
they won't have been introduced to meat
we're gonna have to think of a name for
this girl now she's obviously very much
part of the picture
how about tamil tabu is Swahili for
sweet she's very sweet town where it is
she's a single mom raising four kids
she's got to find her own meals kill for
herself feed well so that she's
producing enough milk and get back to
the Cubs and protect them without any
support from the rest of the gang how is
Tom ooh going to cope there's all sorts
of danger out here for her and her cubs
not least in the shape of the adult
females of the marsh pride they really
don't want her around she's on her own
in a very hostile place and the truth is
that's going to make her life tough and
it's going to make the life of those
four cubs nigh on impossible but you
never know there is absolutely nothing
predictable in Lion Society